docs: add documentation for the --experimental-include-runtime flag (draft) (#15750)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

  - Specify Wrangler's logging level.
- `--show-interactive-dev-session` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: true if the terminal supports interactivity){{</prop-meta>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}
  - Show the interactive dev session.
- `--experimental-types` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

>   - Run `wrangler types` in the background.

Reviewer: I imagine this runs in a sort of watch mode and re runs when there are changes in the config file? should we clarify when it runs the command?

Author: This, too, is being put on hold until we get more user feedback.

- `--experimental-types-runtime`  {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: `./.wrangler/types/runtime.d.ts`){{</prop-meta>}}

>   - Alias for `wrangler types --x-runtime`

Reviewer: I think this could be clarified, I _think_ that this is saying that this runs `wrangler types --x-runtime` in the background? also since the flag is not shorthanded (i.e. it starts with `--experimental`) shouldn't the `wrangler types` one also be in its extended form? (i.e. not `--x`)

- `--experimental-types-check` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

>   - Alias for `wrangler types -x-check`

Reviewer: same as above, I think this could be clarified

wrangler types [<PATH>] [OPTIONS]
```

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> The `--experimental-runtime` flag dynamically generates runtime types according to the `compatibility_date` and `compatibility_flags` defined in your `wrangler.toml`.

Reviewer: not sure, but it might be worth it to try to generically specify it as config file instead of `wrangler.toml` in case we'll want to push for `wrangler.json` etc.? 🤔 

```suggestion
The `--experimental-runtime` flag dynamically generates runtime types according to the `compatibility_date` and `compatibility_flags` defined in your [config file](https://aj-runtime-types.cloudflare-docs-7ou.pages.dev/workers/wrangler/configuration/).
```

@penalosa wdyt? (it kinda seems that `wrangler.toml` is alredy used everywhere anyways 😅😓)

> It is a replacement for the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package, so that package should be uninstalled to avoid any potential conflict.

Author: Maybe that could be worded differently? We mean to say that the user should uninstall it if they do have it currently installed. But I think we also want to state anyway that it is a replacement.

> It is a replacement for the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package, so that package should be uninstalled to avoid any potential conflict.

Reviewer: sure I am fine with whatever you feel more appropriate 🙂 

my concern with the existing version is just that we say that the package should be uninstalled, but the package could have not been installed in the first place (so just saying to unconditionally uninstall it feels incorrect and potentially confusing to me)

  - The name of the interface to generate for the environment object.
  - Not valid if the Worker uses the Service Worker syntax.

- `--experimental-runtime` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: `./.wrangler/types/runtime.d.ts`){{</prop-meta>}}

>   - The path of the generated runtime types file.

Reviewer 2: To me, `PATH` is already documented above, and this makes it sound a bit like there are two _different_ paths that you must specify?

<img width="647" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-20 at 9 00 32 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7dfe3b57-cccf-4f75-8b26-32aa9c1f585c">

This is really just a flag that changes the behavior of the command, but doesn't add new arguments, right?

So what I'd expect here is a description of what is different that happens when you use this flag.

Maybe could just move the aside above into this section, since that content is about this flag anyways?

Reviewer 2: OH! I get it. Okay we're going to need to be super explicit about this.

So with this flag, there _are_ two _different_ paths that you can specify, and each has their own default.

Reviewer: yes, it took it a bit for me to click too, especially for newcomers I think it could be pretty confusing to understand what there are different d.ts files getting generated...

Also.... has a "compact" option been considered? could we just shove everything into a single `d.ts` file? I'm asking this because I am guessing that the userland d.ts file has little to no meaning without the runtime d.ts file right? so it's not like something that that valuable to have in userland/commit is it? (unless the expectation is that users are supposed to likely manually touch the file?)

Author: > Also.... has a "compact" option been considered? could we just shove everything into a single d.ts file?

Something like that could be considered in the future, if we see user issues. The reason for the current implementation is that it's decoupled and minimal (and by default the runtime types are not committed to git as they're saved to a hidden folder), making the implementation as low impact as possible.

Author: > I'm asking this because I am guessing that the userland d.ts file has little to no meaning without the runtime d.ts file right?

I don't think that's the case, because that's the current situation, right? Or rather, that's the situation without the runtime types flag. Users can just run `wrangler types` to generate their Env types.

Reviewer: > I don't think that's the case, because that's the current situation, right? Or rather, that's the situation without the runtime types flag. Users can just run wrangler types to generate their Env types.

Yes, you're right that's the current behavior, but it relies on `@cloudflare/workers-types`

So I was asking assuming that we don't want people to use `@cloudflare/workers-types`, without it a userland generated d.ts file would have little meaning (e.g. it could have a `MY_KV: KVNamespace` but no definition of what `KVNamespace` is) no?

Author: I don't believe it does rely on the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package.

If I start a new project with c3, then remove the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package:

<img width="556" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-23 at 12 32 08" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/36ff52a6-a30e-452f-a477-0c86f3bfb586">

Then add a KV namespace:

<img width="467" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-23 at 12 32 12" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ae2912f0-dbe1-4ca5-92c9-964e709f7d8c">

When I run `wrangler types`, I still get the interface generated and saved to `workers-configuration.d.ts`:

<img width="332" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-23 at 12 32 19" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e35d9573-9dec-4e80-8ee4-5930af28aedd">

  - Leave the path blank to use the default option, e.g. `npx wrangler types --x-include-runtime`
  - A custom path must be relative to the project root.
  - A custom path must have a `d.ts` extension.

> - `--experimental-check` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}}

Reviewer: I am not completely sure I understand the value of this flag, is it just like adding `&& tsc` at the end of the command?

Author: Yeah, we're removing that - we jumped the gun on that implementation and are now walking it back (the PR never landed and I'm just removing it from these draft docs).
